# Crop-disease-detection-using-CNN
Fungal infection accounts for up to 50% of yield losses, necessitating the use of effective and cost-effective fungicide treatments, the efficiency of which is dependent on the kind of infestation, the condition, and the time. In these circumstances, accurate and timely diagnosis of the individual illness is critical to reducing production losses and increasing treatment efficacy and efficiency. A variety of image analysis-based approaches for automated picture illness diagnosis have been presented in recent years. Among these technologies, Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have shown to be extremely effective for a variety of visual classification tasks. Under this paper, they expanded prior work by Johannes et al. (2017) by using an updated Deep Residual Neural Network-based algorithm to cope with the identification of several plant illnesses in real-world acquisition situations, with different adaptations for early disease detection presented. This study examines the performance of three important European endemic wheat diseases: Septoria (Septoria triciti), Tan Spot (Drechslera triciti-repentis), and Rust (Drechslera triciti-repentis) (Puccinia striiformis). During the years 2014, 2015, and 2016, more than 8178 photos were acquired at two pilot sites in Spain and Germany using various mobile devices. The obtained results show that the balanced accuracy improved from 0.78 (Johannes et al., 2017) to 0.87 during exhaustive testing, with balanced accuracies more than 0.96 in a pilot test conducted in Germany. 
In this project i've tried to make my own model based on the kaggle dataset.
